Add /transparency page (#117)
OpenSats/website: data/pages/transparency.mdx

---
title: Transparency
summary: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit."
image: /static/images/avatar.png
layout: PageLayout
---

As a 501(c)(3) public charity, OpenSats is committed to upholding high
transparency, integrity, and legal compliance standards. As an organization that
is embedded in the free and open-source movement, we cherish the principles of
transparency, openness, as well as conversing and working in public.

By adhering to these principles, we aim to demonstrate our commitment to

> responsible sat management, good corporate citizenship, and the long-term

Reviewer: "sat management" - I assume this means bitcoin treasury management. If that's the case, I would prefer to use a more explicit term such as "bitcoin treasury management" or "treasury management" or "donation management".
My concern is that, for now, some or many people may not understand what "sat management" means.

> responsible sat management, good corporate citizenship, and the long-term

Reviewer: responsible bitcoin treasury management, good corporate citizenship, and the long-term

> responsible sat management, good corporate citizenship, and the long-term

Author: ```suggestion
responsible bitcoin treasury management, good corporate citizenship, and the long-term
```
